Update capacitypolicy.md (#1912)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/management/capacitypolicy.md

The effective value for `concurrent operations` is automatically adjusted by the system in the range
[`ClusterMinimumConcurrentOperations`,`ClusterMaximumConcurrentOperations`], based on the number of materialized views in the cluster and the cluster's CPU.

> Use [`.show capacity`](../management/diagnostics.md#show-capacity) materialized-view to show the effective value of `concurrent operations`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Run the [`.show capacity`](../management/diagnostics.md#show-capacity) command to show the effective value of `concurrent operations`.
```
